1. The Fortune Teller
Why pay a fortune teller when you can just program your fortune yourself?
    Write a function named tellFortune that:
    takes 4 arguments: number of children, partner's name, geographic location, job title.
    outputs your fortune to the screen like so: "You will be a X in Y, and married to Z with N kids."
    Call that function 3 times with 3 different values for the arguments.

2. The Puppy Age Calculator
You know how old your dog is in human years, but what about dog years? Calculate it!
   Write a function named calculateDogAge that:
   takes 1 argument: your puppy's age.
   calculates your dog's age based on the conversion rate of 1 human year to 7 dog years.
   outputs the result to the screen like so: "Your doggie is NN years old in dog years!"
   Call the function three times with different sets of values.
   Bonus: Add an additional argument to the function that takes the conversion rate of human to dog years.

3. Ever wonder how much a "lifetime supply" of your favorite snack is? Wonder no more!
Write a function named calculateSupply that:
   takes 2 arguments: age, amount per day.
   calculates the amount consumed for rest of the life (based on a constant max age).
   outputs the result to the screen like so: "You will need NN to last you until the ripe old age of X"
   Call that function three times, passing in different values each time.
   Bonus: Accept floating point values for amount per day, and round the result to a round number.

4. Create 2 functions that calculate properties of a circle, using the definitions here.
Create a function called calcCircumfrence:
   Pass the radius to the function.
   Calculate the circumference based on the radius, and output "The circumference is NN".

Create a function called calcArea:
   Pass the radius to the function.
   Calculate the area based on the radius, and output "The area is NN".


5. The Temperature Converter
It's hot out! Let's make a converter based on the steps here.
Create a function called celsiusToFahrenheit:
   Store a celsius temperature into a variable.
   Convert it to fahrenheit and output "NN째C is NN째F".

Create a function called fahrenheitToCelsius:
   Now store a fahrenheit temperature into a variable.
   Convert it to celsius and output "NN째F is NN째C."


6. Write a function that will accept a date as a input field and will return how many days there are till this date.
Example input: 2022-12-24
Expected output: It is 347 days till 2022-12-24
Bonus: if the date is entered in the past, it says how many days since that date.
Example input: 2021-12-24
Expected output: It is 18 days since 2021-12-24
Bonus Bonus: do proper prularization - 1 day, 2 days etc


7. Write a function that reverse a number.
Example number: 32243
Expected Output: 34223

8. Write a function that checks whether a passed string is palindrome or not?
A palindrome is word, phrase, or sequence that reads the same backward as forward, e.g., madam or nurses run.

9. Write a function that generates all combinations of a string.
Example string : 'dog'
Expected Output : d,do,dog,o,og,g

10. Write a function that returns a passed string with letters in alphabetical order.
Example string : 'webmaster'
Expected Output : 'abeemrstw'
Assume punctuation and numbers symbols are not included in the passed string.

11. Write a function that accepts a string as a parameter and converts the first letter of each word of the string in upper case.
Example string : 'the quick brown fox'
Expected Output : 'The Quick Brown Fox '

12. Write a function that accepts a string as a parameter and find the longest word within the string.
Example string : 'Web Development Tutorial'
Expected Output : 'Development'

13. Write a function that accepts a string as a parameter and counts the number of vowels within the string.
Note : As the letter 'y' can be regarded as both a vowel and a consonant, we do not count 'y' as vowel here.
Example string : 'The quick brown fox'
Expected Output : 5

14. Write a function that accepts a number as a parameter and check the number is prime or not.
Note : A prime number (or a prime) is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself.

15. Write a function which accepts an argument and returns the type.
Note : There are six possible values that typeof returns: object, boolean, function, number, string, and undefined.

16. Write a function which will take an array of numbers stored and find the second lowest and second greatest numbers, respectively.
Sample array : [1,2,3,4,5]
Expected Output : 2,4

17. Write a function which says whether a number is perfect.
According to Wikipedia : In number theory, a perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper positive divisors, that is, the sum of its positive divisors excluding the number itself (also known as its aliquot sum). Equivalently, a perfect number is a number that is half the sum of all of its positive divisors (including itself).
Example : The first perfect number is 6, because 1, 2, and 3 are its proper positive divisors, and 1 + 2 + 3 = 6. Equivalently, the number 6 is equal to half the sum of all its positive divisors: ( 1 + 2 + 3 + 6 ) / 2 = 6. The next perfect number is 28 = 1 + 2 + 4 + 7 + 14. This is followed by the perfect numbers 496 and 8128.

18. Write a function to calculate factorial of a number.
Sample number: 5
Expected output: 120